he's fresh back from Xochitl he's got a
gold medal to boot sage kotsenburg
absolutely dominated the slopestyle
course and took home the first gold
medal of the 2014 Olympic Games and
guess what he's here now at Huff Post
live what's up man how's it going
relations first of all thank you for
having me you think you just got off a
plane you gotta be tight yeah I'm so
jet-lagged right now man like waking up
at 4:00 a.m. every day I can imagine
yeah how's your body feeling it's tired
it's definitely taking a lot of beatings
last couple weeks being in Sochi and
just practicing and glad to finally just
go home and relax tomorrow oh man you
didn't want to stay out there for the
rest of the games I wanted to but then
come here or do all this stuff and then
go home and my family wasn't out there
so I really want to just go see them no
I get it man yeah out there man but you
won the first gold medal of the Olympics
man that's a big that'd be awesome
feeling yeah it was crazy I like I
didn't even like kind of realized it at
first I just I won I was just freaking
out so much and it was just like a dream
almost and then everyone's like you won
the first medals like oh this is crazy
it was so much to take in all one so it
was just everything was hitting me at
once like we were driving down to the
awards ceremony I called my dad and I
was on Russian phones he's like hello it
was had to be three in the morning or
something in Park City so he's like
hello like dad at Said's
sings on the phone staged on the phone
and the whole family there and it was
really cool just like driving down the
award ceremony talked to my talking to
my parents and they they were losing
their minds Wow I can imagine yeah a
moment of pride for your family but also
for the country I mean we all watched
you and we're so impressed and we're so
excited and did you know that you were
gonna win do you go into the Olympics
again I'm gonna I'm gonna win this one
I'm not I'm not wanting to just go there
and start making too many claims I
definitely I knew it had a run that
could do pretty good and I just wanted
to go have fun and snowboard and make
sure we made it a good a good show cuz
the first slopestyle you know so I want
to make it a good show and for everyone
watching especially back here in the US
like you said is like the whole
country's behind us and the support that
like it's just like so much adrenaline
when you start seeing into
I was just reading like tweets and
everyone's like the USA is behind you
like go get them and like when you see
that stuff it's just like a different
type of adrenaline that you feel like it
because it's no warning such an
individual sport when you have so many
people behind you and especially from a
place that you're from it's just it's
unreal so all the support I don't know
if everyone knows but they they
definitely help well you talk about
support there were people behind you all
sorts of ways and not just the people
cheering you on you have some
organizations that really help make sure
you got there yeah especially a ussa is
a I'm on the team and a lot of a lot of
the people that work there have been
helping me throughout the years
especially bill eNOS they got one of the
best coaches on the US team and he's
just I would he was there for me every
step of the way I almost didn't want to
do contests at one point too serious I
was just it was so much and I don't know
it was just like so much was going on in
the qualifiers and there was canceled
events and just courses that were not up
to par all the time and I was just like
kind of it's like I'm so over this right
now I just wanna like take a break and
he's the one that was just like man you
got like we like snowboarding loves what
you're doing and really made me just
stoked again so having all that support
through them and and especially Bill
eNOS was so cool yeah that's awesome
then you get there and these courses are
in some people's estimation that's all
right yeah it was it got blown out of
proportion a lot cuz uh we got there and
the jumps were a little bit too popular
you went you were going high in the air
you're getting a lot of air time and the
landings were pretty flat so they fixed
that like a day or two and after that of
course was awesome is like one of the
best courses of the year so snow was
cool yes no and the snow just kept
getting better like for us we love slush
so like when it was it was like beach
weather there it was like 57 degrees or
something you could be were wearing
t-shirts you know yeah but then at the
top of the mountain it was like powder
was like Alaska Mountain this you know
and at the bottom of the mountain where
the slopes that was it was like slushy
awesome conditions for slope style well
it's pretty awesome yeah white a pretty
tough loss yeah I wasn't expecting that
ya know it's like I think it's just a
lot on his plate maybe you know he came
and he wanted to do both he bailed out
of slope style and then just the pipe I
don't think was up to standards with
a lot of people a lot of people weren't
really stoked on the pipe so it
definitely came as a shock yeah no I
mean especially because he was sort of
the face ya know like for sure I mean he
did the whole Russia calling video about
you know him learning all the tricks to
win and then just couldn't put it down
but I mean like dude it's a lot of
pressure so it happens a lot of yeah
happens everyone yeah always come back
yeah he's yeah he's he's he already
claimed that the claim the thing he's
trying to come over 2018 you'll be back
for 2018 for sure how I'd love to
awesome yeah I'd love to you let's talk
about Olympic sweaters that's been
something coming up a lot you'd be
surprised as much of you talk with the
games they talk about these ugly-ass
sweaters man you know what they're
incredibly comfy when we when we got and
we were like wow these are a lot going
on on these like definitely just like
these things are pretty aggressive then
we put them on we're just like why are
they so comfy everyone wearing them and
ya know Christmas sweater parties are we
going down next year oh for sure there's
a room and I want to get your take on
Jamie Anderson yeah that was teammate of
his obviously said I've said something
about the app tinder an Olympic game
she said tinder in the Olympic Games is
that the next level I actually did not I
don't have a tinder but everything was
everyone like hyping up the Olympics of
like everyone as a tinder and I getting
down but I think at the beginning no
one's do anything because no one's
competing so I think towards the end it
just gets that's when you Olympic
reaction started yes that's when it
happens rumor on the street is that's
when it goes down yeah that's one of the
way you didn't stay I mean what the
point of winning a gold medal if you
don't stay to the end for the action I
know him blowing it exactly so to speak
yes yes where are all week folks that is
a gold medal can I see it yeah yeah you
got to wear this thing man dude this is
awesome I'm better than like a rapper
now they got chains I got gold medal I
can't believe rappers wear stuff that's
heavy outside exactly it's heavier right
now yeah I respect him a lot I'm in
Olympians you know what this back to you
know you can see you can take yeah you
get another one 2018 man it is good to
see you thanks a lot good to be here
you're having me sage kotsenburg ladies
and gentlemen Marc Lamont Hill gold
medal Olympic anchor signing off